all right we have the hot wheels and
motorcycles bet pod and it's real
diecast removable rider that sounds
exciting doesn't it well have to try
that out yes I was just in the shop the
other day with my kids as usual shopping
around and I spotted this guy and I
thought well I gotta have that one
unfortunately it was anyone there but at
least I got one so let's have a look at
it break it open here I'd better show
you it back actually so this is what we
get in this series see important numbers
at the top and there we go and there's
the Batpod trade shredder w dozy pit
cruiser and the Kenyan cover okay let's
open it up
Oh yep it's a removable right all right
okay but there is
he's a rubbery soft rubbery dude get a
closer look there and the bike's diecast
feel nice a nice good rollers here all
right let's put them back on there you
go buddy
missed just a 10 we'll have a good 360
look at this
very nice very well done actually I like
that he can come off that's kind of cool
so you can either display the bike just
as it is which would go with the other
Hot Wheels cycles unless these these
ones all come with the riders on them I
can't remember I didn't until they much
notice was a little bit of a hurry okay
so some got some good guns on the front
there cool ah you know what would have
been nice um the Catwoman to go on as
well she looked pretty good riding that
thing anyways for kids and big kids like
myself so there we go very nice very
nice I'll just give it a spin with her
demonic see a bit more of the bike
are you looking at that I'm just looking
at the figure put some good details on
it little paint belts painted a little I
said that nice rubbery plastic he rubber
stuff it's looks pretty durable unless
you try and bite an arm or leg off but
you know and that would happen but see
I'll put them back on yeah okay all
right guys thanks for watching remember
to subscribe if you like what you see
here there'll be lots more coming up and
head over to the Facebook side I have
some some photos on there and there's
always some of the links and info that's
going on on Facebook thanks for watching
bye bye